relax this is a Quantum Jumping the
basic meditation exercise the exercise
that you can repeat as often as you like
made especially for the ultimate library
that you're in at present we're going to
start by relaxing you focus on the
screen for a moment focus your eyes on
the center the little white dot in front
of the black surrounded by the blues and
yellows and golds and reds allow your
eyes to tire and now close them and just
listen to my voice
we'll start the exercise with the three
two one method I'm going to count from 3
to 1 and as I do just allow yourself to
go deeper into the meditate state take a
deep breath while exhaling mentally
repeat and visualize the number 3 3
times 3 3 3 take another deep breath and
as you exhale mentally repeat and
visualize the number 2 3 times 2 2 2
that's fine
and now with the number one a deep
breath
one one relax
you are now at a deeper a healthier
level of mind when you reach this level
of mind and you meditate your immune
system begins working in enhanced method
enhance position it enhances all of the
immunity that it's supposed to keeping
at bay any of the problems that you may
come in contact with during the day
relax I'm going to help you to go still
deeper by counting from 10 to 1 10 9
feel going deeper 8 7 6 deeper and
deeper
5 4 3 deeper and deeper
2 1 relax
repeat mentally my body rests and
refreshes itself when I consciously
relaxed I relaxed now imagine that there
are other dimensions in the universe an
endless number of dimensions in each of
this numberless dimension universes
there's a slight variation a difference
in this infinity of dimensions anything
that could happen is happening anything
that you might have been or might be is
in one of those dimensions and one of
those dimensions you're a member of a
royal
family and another your prince the
princess a captain of industry a musical
conductor an artist and another year a
pauper you're homeless whatever you can
imagine is in one of those infinity of
universes you're an artist you're a
lecturer you're five years old you're 90
years old whatever you can imagine is in
one of those dimensions and now you're
going to go into one of those dimensions
and metaphorically imagine yourself as
you are in that dimension to bring the
rhythm back with you if you want to be
an artist you'll visit an artist self if
you want to be a lecturer you'll visit a
lecturer self you want to be an
architect you'll visit an architect self
if you have any problems with your
attitude with health with money and one
of those dimensions of infinity you are
a person who has resolved that problem
you can visit that person who has
resolved the problem if you have a
problem with anger go to the dimension
where you're calm and comfortable if
fear is the problem go to the dimension
where you're courageous if it's a poor
attitude you wish to change go to the
dimension where the infinite you has the
attitude you would like to adopt if you
have a health problem go to the
dimension where you're in perfect health
you'll merge with that personality and
bring back the resources you'll bring
back the energy the rhythm that kept
that other you in perfect health
now I imagine that you're in a hallway
at the end of the hallway is a door
while you're in the hallway think of the
you that
like to visit who would you like to
visit
visitor the you who solved the problems
that you would like to solve visit a you
who has completed the goals that you
would like to complete visitor you who
is a perfect you visit a self a
doppelganger who already is in another
dimension you can visit this person
whenever you like relax
think of the person you'd like to visit
who is it it's you but what is the event
that you is involved with what talent
does that you have that you'd like to
have for yourself imagine that now
imagine the doors opening and jump over
the threshold or if you prefer just step
over the threshold at the count of three
the doors opening and now I'll count one
two three over the threshold and there
the other you is the other self observe
that self what is that self doing
watch what the self is doing imagine
that you're in the presence of that
other self that other self that is
successful at what you wish to be
successful with and now allow yourself
to merge with that self just imagine
your going closer and closer to the self
and then you're merging with the self
and now you're no longer watching the
self do what that self was doing but you
were doing it in the body of that self
and now you have the motivation the
rhythm the attitude of that self that
you can bring back with you relax
I'm going to count them one two three at
the count of three we'll be back in the
hallway one two three you're back in the
hallway the doors closing you're back in
this dimension now you have the rhythm
of that self imagine that you can return
to that self whenever you like relax I'm
going to count from one to five at the
count of five your eyes will open you'll
be wide awake in perfect health feeling
better than before one two three four
five eyes open wide awake really
marvelously refreshed feeling better
than before with a new attitude a new
rhythm